# Hybrid intrusion detection and signature generation using deep recurrent neural networks.
In adopting a hybrid-based approach, this suggested a paradigm for implementing a hybrid-based strategy called D-Sign, which is made up of three tiers of components: 
 - a honeypot server, 
 - a detection engine (DE), and 
 - a signature generation engine (SGE). 
On the NSL-KDD and CICIDS 2017 datasets, D-Sign was assessed. 
In order to redirect unusual traffic to these phony servers rather than the network’s actual production servers, honeypot servers imitate vulnerable servers. 
To learn more about the attacks, DE further studied the traffic it had gathered from the honeypot’s logs. 
To find attacks or anomalies in the packets kept by the honeypot server, DE employed a hybrid strategy combining the misuse detection engine (MDE) and anomaly detection engine (ADE). 
A rule-based approach was employed for the MDE and an LSTM-based recurrent neural network was used for the ADE to classify the attacks. 
If there is a match between signature patterns, MDE will sound an alarm. 
The data stream is routed to ADE to find new attacks if there is no signature match. 
If DE identifies an attack, it sends the information to SGE, which creates a set of signatures for malicious traffic packets and keeps them in the IDS’s signature repository. 
The model achieved a TPR of 99.45% and 98.51%, TNR of 99.32% and 99.20%, and accuracy of 99.10% and 99.40% for CICIDS2017 and NSL-KDD datasets, respectively. 
However, the system did not consider multiclass classification, the problem of class imbalanced dataset was not addressed, and the signature matching algorithm can be improved to increase the quality of signatures, according to the researchers. 
Additionally, metrics like FAR and processing time were not considered in the evaluation of the system.